Adding in trusts guidance #WIP #draft (#504)
openownership/data-standard: docs/schema/guidance/repr-trusts.rst

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario2.svg
   :alt: Diagram show linked statements. Entity statement labeled Trust A with entityType 'legalEntity' and entitySubtype generalCategory 'trust.'  Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest type 'settlor', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee', person C by a relationship statement with interest type 'protector', and person D by a relationship statement with interest type 'beneficiary.' 
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center
   
   
Scenario 3
^^^^^^^^^^
A trust where the settlor is also a trustee and the beneficiary is anonymous due to a disclosure exemption.

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario3.svg
   :alt: Diagram show linked statements. Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest types 'settlor' and 'trustee', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee', person C by a relationship statement with interest types 'beneficiary.' Person D has a person statement with person type 'anonymous person' and unspecified person details 'subject exempt from disclosure'
   :figwidth: 95%
   :align: center

Scenario 4
^^^^^^^^^^

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: Some weird markup has appeared on these lines.

A trust-like arrangement where local names are provided for the type of entity and the interests. 
=======
A trust-like arrangement with local names for the entityType and interestTypes. 
>>>>>>> 3ebd0b3 (updating trusts reference page after review)

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario4.svg
   :alt: Diagram show linked statements. Entity statement labeled Trust A with entityType 'arrangement', entitySubtype generalCategory 'trust', and entitySubtype localTerm 'fiducie-sûreté.' Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest type 'settlor' and interest details 'constituant', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee' and interest details 'fiduciaire', and person C by a relationship statement with interest type 'beneficiary' and interest details 'beneficiaire'
   :figwidth: 82%
   :align: center

Scenario 5
^^^^^^^^^^

> A significant stake in a company is held in a trust. The parties to the trust are the beneficial owners of the company. Dotted lines represent the further Relationship Statements needed to represent the indirect beneficial ownership of the parties. 

Reviewer: Should this be 'Relationship statements' - ie. uncapitalised 'S'?

Author: In the style guide we currently have 'Schema objects should be referred to by their title, (e.g. 'the Interested Party object has a number of required properties', 'The details of the company are entered into an Entity Statement')' but could change that if it reads weird?

Reviewer: No - that's fine. It's in the style guide that property titles should be fully capitalised, I'd just forgotten.

.. _representing-trusts:

> Representing trusts and trust-like arrangements

Author: agreed

===============================================

Overview
--------
In this documentation the term ‘trust’ is inclusive of trusts and trust-like arrangements (such as fiducie, treuhand and waqf). 

BODS can be used to represent the beneficial ownership of trusts and the beneficial ownership of entities via trusts. Trusts are represented by an Entity statement. 

When representing trusts:

> * If the trust has legal personality ``entityType`` MUST be ``legalEntity``

Author: After discussion today I am going to think about possible impacts of this change

> * If the trust has legal personality ``entityType`` MUST be ``legalEntity``

Author: Agreed to keep as 'legal entity' for now

Relationships between trusts and their parties MUST be represented using only these ``interest/type`` codes:

* ``settlor``
* ``beneficiary``
* ``trustee``
* ``protector``
* ``otherInterestOrControl``

``interest/details`` MAY be used to give a local name (e.g. "fiduciaire") or additional information about the interest (e.g. "power to dissolve trust") 

Example Scenarios 
-----------------
These examples show how statements could be connected to represent ownership networks involving trusts. Only the property:value pairs that are relevant to the scenario are shown in the statement blocks. 

Scenario 1
^^^^^^^^^^
A trust with a beneficiary, trustee and settlor. The trust does not have a legal personality.

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario1.svg
   :alt: entity statement labeled Trust A with entityType 'arrangement' and entitySubtype generalCategory 'trust.' Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest type 'settlor', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee', and person C by a relationship statement with interest type 'beneficiary'
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center
   
Scenario 2
^^^^^^^^^^

> A trust with a beneficiary, trustee and settlor and protector. The trust has a legal personality. 

Author: done!

> A trust with a beneficiary, trustee and settlor and protector. The trust has a legal personality. 

Author: on second thought I think there is too much going on in this diagram - might try incorporate this elsewhere

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario2.svg
   :alt: entity statement labeled Trust A with entityType 'legalEntity' and entitySubtype generalCategory 'trust.'  Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest type 'settlor', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee', person C by a relationship statement with interest type 'beneficiary', and person D by a relationship statement with interest type 'protector'
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center
   
   
Scenario 3
^^^^^^^^^^
A trust where the settlor and beneficiary are also both trustees. 

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario3.svg
   :alt: Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest types 'settlor' and 'trustee', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee', person C by a relationship statement with interest types 'beneficiary' and 'trustee'
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center

Scenario 4
^^^^^^^^^^

> A trust-like arrangement where local names are provided for the entityType and interestTypes. 

Author: thank you!

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario4.svg
   :alt: entity statement labeled Trust A with entityType 'arrangement', entitySubtype generalCategory 'trust', and entitySubtype localTerm 'fiducie-sûreté.' Trust A is connected to person A by a relationship statement with interest type 'settlor' and interest details 'constituant', person B by a relationship statement with interest type 'trustee' and interest details 'fiduciaire', and person C by a relationship statement with interest type 'beneficiary' and interest details 'beneficiaire'
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center

Scenario 5
^^^^^^^^^^
A trust that owns shares in a company. The beneficial owners of the trust are the beneficial owners of the company. Overarching relationship statements are represented by dotted lines. 

> See `representing beneficial ownership <repr-beneficial-ownership>`_ for guidance on representing indirect beneficial ownership.

Reviewer: This link doesn't work. I think this will, though:

```suggestion
See :ref:`representing-bo` for guidance on representing indirect beneficial ownership.
```

.. figure:: ../../_assets/trust-scenario5.svg
   :alt: Company A is owned by Trust A and there is a relationship statement between them with interest type 'shareholding.' Trust A has a settlor, Person A, a trustee, Person B and a beneficiary, Person C. There are dotted lines between Company A and Person A, Person B and Person C to represent that they are the ultimate beneficial owners of Company A. 
   :figwidth: 100%
   :align: center
   
Scenario 6
^^^^^^^^^^

> A trust where the trustee is a company. The owner of the company is a beneficial owner of the trust. The indirect relationship statement is represented by a dotted line. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A trust where the trustee is a company. The owner of the company is deemed, in the jurisdiction under which the trust was established, to be a beneficial owner of the trust (indirectly).
```
